Mr. Bond.  This is your neighbor Glen from the townhouse next door.  Everything has been going pretty well here.  I've been bringing in your newspaper.  My son mowed the lawn in your back garden like you asked and your house is pretty good.  Yeah, pretty good.  Anyway, I'm just calling to let you know that my daughter, you remember my daughter Melissa - yeah, she's a good kid.  Well, she accidentally kicked her soccer ball into the drivers side window on your car - you know the Astin Martin you left it out in your driveway.  Well, anyway, I'm not sure what happened, but the soccer ball broke the drivers side window and I don't know what it hit in your car, but the roof of the car flew off and the passenger seat shot about 20 feet up into the air.  When the roof of the car came down it landed on the hood and left a big dent, but when the passenger seat came back down, well, it landed back in your car and I'm not sure what it did, but a bunch of spikes came out of the back of the car and got all over the street.  You know Mrs. Bellamy that lives about two houses down from yours?  Well, she drove over some of the spikes and they completely ruined tires.  Anyway, she was pretty angry about it so she called the police.  When the police got heree one of the officers decided to check trunk so he flipped a switch on the dashboard but instead of opening the trunk, some kind of machine gun behind the headlights shot a bunch of holes in your garage door.  Anyway, they towed your car away.  The police said they'd be in touch with you, but I wanted to give you a heads up.  I hope you're having a good time on your trip to Russia.  I don't know what kind of business you're doing over there, but I hope it all goes well and we'll see you when you get back.  Bye.

This is Glen from the Hotel Danieli here in Venice and I'm just calling to let you know that we are never going to hire housekeepers or any other hotel workers from your temp agency again.  The housekeeper you sent oever this morning ahhh {rustles paper} Ms. Rosa Kleb . . . well she was the worst housekeeper EVER!  She actually tried to kill one of our guests this morning by stabbing him with some kind of poisoned dagger in her shoe.  And the only thing that prevented her from killing him was that the guest's girlfriend was able to shoot Ms. Kleb before she could get him.  I don't know which of your employees does the background checks on these temp workers, but whoever it is, they sure dropped the ball on this one.  Based on what the police were saying it sounds like she was an undocumented alien from Russia and they have no idea how she got into this country but being an undocumented alien from Russia is exactly the kind of thing you should be able to figure out from a good background check.  Don't be surprised if you hear from our lawers regarding this matter.  Good bye.